Documentation Standard Updates (#130)
fivetran/dbt_jira: README.md

</p>

# Jira Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Jira data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/jira) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/jira#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Jira source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_jira_source).
- Enables you to better understand the workload, performance, and velocity of your team's work using Jira issues. It performs the following actions:
- Creates a daily issue history table so you can quickly create agile reports, such as burndown charts, along any issue field.
- Enriches the core issue table with relevant data regarding its workflow and current state.
- Aggregates bandwidth and issue velocity metrics along projects and users.
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Jira data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/).

<!--section="jira_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
